If you've been scrolling through
LinkedIn or threads or Twitter, Blue
Sky, I bet you've seen this, too. AIO is
just SEO or or you know, whatever
acronym they want to use for for
appearing in AI results. And so, there's
a ton of content saying exactly the same
thing. I I'm going to show you this. I'm
in Tokyo uh back in October and I'm at
this this found conference um from
Demandphere and
I'm watching my buddy Mike King. You
know, I'm out of the SEO world. I
haven't really been doing this stuff or
whatever, but Mike showed this
incredibly convincing argument case,
tons of data about why these two things,
getting into whatever chat GBT or
Google's AI mode is fundamentally
different from getting into the top of
Google search results, you know. And I I
was like, man, that was that was so
good. I was so convinced after being
skeptical, I asked Mike if he would come
on an office hours for uh Spark Toro and
give basically that little section of
his presentation to our audience. It was
attended by almost a thousand people,
registered by almost a thousand people,
attended by hundreds, and the video is
now up on YouTube.
>> Hey, like what are you guys seeing? And
so for them, they saw it was even worse.
It was a 19% overlap between the Google
server.
>> Mike goes through he makes the case for
like why these two things are not
similar, right? It's AI search
fundamentally different from SEO. Like
the overlap is not that big. It's its
own category. There are different
things, different tactics that you
engage in. He shows a way to like here's
how to calculate cosine similarity.
Here's how to like measure the actual
impact. And then at the end, he spent a
bunch of time answering tons of
questions. I this this uh talk was an
hour long, but the first 35 minutes will
give you all the info and then it's Q&A
after. I think you should check it out.
Like it's embarrassing to me. I think
this has 75 views. Come on. You This is
worth your time. Aurelius.